doc: document webapp configuration for multi-ingress environments (#3569)
wireapp/wire-server: docs/src/developer/reference/config-options.md

multiIngress: 
   red.example.com: https://accounts.red.example.com/conversation-join/
   green.example.com: https://accounts.green.example.net/conversation-join/
```

### Webapp

> In order to completely hide the root domain to the webapp, some environment variable need to be set. They will allow the webapp hostname to be used to generate the API endpoint, team settings links, account page links and CSP headers. 

Reviewer: IMHO this one is still relevant: *hostname* can mean very different things in the context of Wire (hostname of the pod, the node, the `Host` header ... ;) ).

> In order to completely hide the root domain to the webapp, some environment variable need to be set. They will allow the webapp hostname to be used to generate the API endpoint, team settings links, account page links and CSP headers. 

Author: oh yes, it is relevant; for sure. I has been auto "resolved" because the file was edited, but I was planning on changing that (just working on some other topics right now). 
This is in my todo :)

To enable dynamic hostname replacement, first set this variable:

```
ENABLE_DYNAMIC_HOSTNAME="true"
```

Then any other variable that will contain the string `[[hostname]]` will then be replaced by the hostname of the running webapp. (eg. if a webapp is running on `webapp.red.example.com` then any occurence of `[[hostname]]` in the config will be replaced by `red.example.com`). 

> You may then add this `[[hostname]]` in any environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use the template variable `[[hostname]]` in any environment variable to not provide (reveal) actual domain names.

For example:
```

multiIngress: 
   red.example.com: https://accounts.red.example.com/conversation-join/
   green.example.com: https://accounts.green.example.net/conversation-join/
```

### Webapp

The webapp runs its own web server (a NodeJS server) to serve static files and the webapp config (based on environment variables). 

> In an multi-ingress configuration, a single webapp instance will be deployed and be accessible from multiple domains (say `webapp.red.example.com` and `webapp.green.example.com`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multi-ingress configuration, a single webapp instance will be deployed and be accessible from multiple domains (say `webapp.red.example.com` and `webapp.green.example.com`). 
```
